# Practice-Stuffs

1. XGFinal - Practice approach of The Great Indian Hiring Hackathon by Machinehack.
2. Absenteeism analysis -HR Analytics


This is a demo replica of the Rapid2 front end which will leverage the Rapid2Optimisation Model. 

The raw alerts from the Regroom through Appian is queued in this landing page. From here, the CoE team will select an alert to proceed. 
So lets select one of the alerts and triage it.

In the triage alert section, details like title, the summary update and summary content about the specific alert gets visible. Lets triage this alert to a record category development and select next.

This particular section shows the recommendation of top 7 similar alerts generated by the model. The Coe team member can henceforth check the details and take a call to link with existing records or create a new one. If we want to link with any existing record, we can select it and link with existing record or if we want to create a fresh alert, we select create new option.

After creating a new triage, the model generated top 3 recommendation with their respective probability percentage is shown in the drop down menu for Risk Steward Area and Themes
The drop down menu also contains all the other exhaustive list of respective classes.

The user can select either any one of the model generated risk steward area or they can select any other option based on their subject matter expertise if they feel that the model generated recommendation is not optimal.
Same is the exercise for the themes except the fact that an alert can have more than one themes.

Now, The user can move on next to applicability assesment section where along with other fields the level 1 risk taxonomy gets populated. Similar to the themes, we have the recommendations and multiple selection option for l1 risk taxonomy.

After this section is completed, the Coe team member submits it for further process.
